The stuff you can see that we have these Starbright here.
And this is that means our feature broke.
So for example let's say that we want to show we not just like there only feature brogues So let's see
for example that I want to feature these when and these one these one it's another one these
we have three of them more or and five and most of the pros are a feature because we have a few brogues
that you can see if we have these five broke at the moment we're printing them products.
You can see here on their functions.
We have these.
But let's see how you can print only the probes that have the starfield.
So here you go to is and what going got back Square-D and we're going to use an array right here.
My name we have I know that every.
And we're going to add taxonomy the taxonomy for these is called a brotherhood underscore b c b d.
Then we are comma.
Next is the field the field is going to be the name we are name and then we have that there's that there's
sort of this is called feature into the feature comma and finally the operator a check that actually
they are using it in the they are in any case when you feel this is that we have something like these
now you can't blow the front in and you can see that we have very few products.
You can see that all the problems that fab These now are showing this stuff.
So let's say that I went to feature these cars.
Well seeing white collar and the ropes we can click here.
And up in the front in
and you can click here and there you can see right here.
So let's say that they guy do we want to remove that from the feature.
We can click here.
And of the front and again and then you can see that we remove that.
So this is working nice in the next video that's out there.
Last year says you can see cover a lot of space right here and also the name of the products is really
big.
And now we're going to use this example.